men have always wondered have the large
in the Egyptian pyramids the Great
Pyramid Giza was built is he only one of
the famed seven wonders of the ancient
world that still stands for the height
of 480 feet composed more than 2.3
million stone blocks some people argued
that it was beyond ancient man's
abilities and must be constructed by
aliens modern engineers have calculated
however that the Egyptians using copper
tools to chisel rock and sledges to hold
the stones the site could have built the
structure in just 20 years
not that the Egyptians are always
wonderful fear of the makers their
earliest attempts were actually several
squared tombs piled on top of each other
in a set of steps layer these became the
smooth side pyramids envisioned when we
think of Egypt this change in design our
also had a learning curve at the bent
pyramid if architects started his
project to steepening climb and modified
it to a more gentle pitch as he neared
the top some hastily constructed
pyramids only survived today as a core
of rock these are reduced to rubble by
time erosion and earthquakes when the
Great Pyramid was made however Egyptian
construction techniques were at their
best the Greek historian Herodotus tells
us machines were used to lift the stones
to the top while some levers and cranes
might have been used to shift the blocks
and their final positions however
engineers think is more likely a ramp
was used to get the stones up the side
of the pyramid the shape of the ramp is
always puzzled scientists hover a
straight ramp would be too long and
require more material than the pyramid
itself
for this reason archaeologists have
pondered alternative ramp shapes perhaps
one the zigzag up the front or perhaps a
spiral around the outside of the pyramid
the problem is in any ramp that hit the
corners in size the pyramid will get
very hard to Gyptians to make sure they
were building along straight lines also
turn the sledges around corners would be
a challenge the french architect
jean-pierre Houdin suggests in addition
to the known internal structures of the
pyramid the egyptians constructed an
internal spiral ramp with notches left
temporarily open to each corner to let
an errand light in history the bottom
third of the pyramids will with a
straight ramp the stone of the ramp was
then disassembled and moved up to the
tunnels to build the top of the
structure cranes at the notches may turn
the sledge is easy this who didn't write
a microgravity survey of the pyramid
revealed a surprising anomaly a spiral
shape that might be the internal ramps
scientists are now working on tests that
will prove the idea one way or the other
when the results are known perhaps this
last mystery of the Great Pyramid will
finally be put to rest